bt.rootcanal_mac_address  u:object_r:hal_bluetooth_sim_prop:s0
bt.rootcanal_test_console  u:object_r:hal_bluetooth_sim_prop:s0
ro.boot.cpuvulkan.version  u:object_r:cf_graphics_config_prop:s0 exact int
ro.boot.cuttlefish_config_server_port  u:object_r:cuttlefish_config_server_port_prop:s0
ro.boot.fstab_name u:object_r:cf_fstab_name_prop:s0 exact string
ro.boot.hardware.egl u:object_r:cf_graphics_config_prop:s0 exact string
ro.boot.hardware.gralloc u:object_r:cf_graphics_config_prop:s0 exact string
ro.boot.hardware.hwcomposer u:object_r:cf_graphics_config_prop:s0 exact string
ro.boot.hardware.vulkan u:object_r:cf_graphics_config_prop:s0 exact string
ro.boot.lcd_density u:object_r:cf_graphics_config_prop:s0 exact int
ro.boot.modem_simulator_ports  u:object_r:cuttlefish_modem_simulator_ports:s0
ro.boot.vsock_frames_port  u:object_r:vsock_frames_port_prop:s0
ro.boot.vsock_keyboard_port  u:object_r:cuttlefish_vsock_keyboard_port:s0
ro.boot.vsock_touch_port  u:object_r:cuttlefish_vsock_touch_port:s0
ro.boot.wifi_mac_address  u:object_r:cuttlefish_wifi_mac_address:s0
ro.cdma.home.operator.alpha  u:object_r:vendor_init_radio_prop:s0
ro.cdma.home.operator.numeric  u:object_r:vendor_init_radio_prop:s0
ro.cpuvulkan.version  u:object_r:cf_graphics_config_prop:s0 exact int
vendor.ser.  u:object_r:vendor_ser_prop:s0
hwc.drm.device u:object_r:cf_graphics_config_prop:s0 exact string
hwc.drm.exclude_non_hwfb_imports u:object_r:cf_graphics_config_prop:s0 exact int
hwc.drm.primary_display_order u:object_r:cf_graphics_config_prop:s0 exact string
hwc.drm.scale_with_gpu u:object_r:cf_graphics_config_prop:s0 exact int
hwc.drm.use_overlay_planes u:object_r:cf_graphics_config_prop:s0 exact int
